God
hot concrete this is the reason for not
giving in two reasons there's a black
spot on the sun today a place to hide
for the runaways the smell of desert
rain on city asphalt sonoran tied the
weatherman lie soon when the place will
be free of life is their voice where
you're talking bones to learn from each
other one moment of getting it right can
lead to a lifetime practicing for that
moment tangible fire it's all about the
women making it happen with what you've
got your buddy you're learning from your
teachers and it's a platinum is up to
give back to make your mama proud pitch
and there's a reason that we met it
displays like everything I don't
everybody keep me from a different
people different walkers i plug in the
role in the puzzle trying to make it
right I'm sure up on my trolling keep on
calling evolving generally creative
energy to cut tunnels under the matrix
and I know one thing get some
relationships can be dangerous must've
been the jealousy if you go that route
with the bottle of booze when the same
old closing the same old shoe how can
you go wrong when you got nothing to
lose we killing in cold room immortal
got the fire water style resin to rip
your fiction connection concession time
3 chemistry love everything everything
that you drinking time paint me blood
drip sweat Cheers shit come together of
the older one strikes I got a flight
kids kill a monkey music and mice
different idea of what's wrong it was
bright looks like it's gonna be another
one of those I got the paper got the
people got the Foley I games and taxis
in fact I got the motion I move with the
Swift lumbering lunacy soon to see
what's in your hand what's in your
pocket nothing under grand on your wrist
to monitor your consumption waiting for
the energy transfer making my own
positive future thinking about my time
and priorities to manage didn't go
University they'd make the grade went to
a factory where dreams are made start
from scratch can't big enough scratch
and I attached syllables equation with
the sequence lay down so I pay close
attention to the frequencies
Free Willy found fiddling with phrase
structure my bedpost the page to meet
you Ryan question your faith your vein
Tucker you can make your pain jigar you
stake your claim sucker k bar rails Gail
Gail just be replaced with Julie all the
clip the bottom of the dashboard
windshield wiper get time I soccer
school classrooms hitters and light up
your ass what you thought in what you
got cold your value but you put or how
you won one so what you are what you
dare hold bill value so now you're just
all over and um I'm finger sitting your
pop-up of top part of my pocket by
concrete people out this switch I'm
gonna concrete the children are right in
the chalk on the sidewalk proving the
simple beauty back that was once their
ideas and read them paint the whole city
every key on the piano where he know
every feeling every color on the palette
as a glimpse inside another world people
out there swam paving the road paint the
whole city children of a hot country
lyrically literally rolled over strikes
I got a flight case full of money music
and mice different idea of what's wrong
what right looks like it's gonna be
another one of those guys
totally man
Oh
ha concrete this is the reason for not
giving in two reasons there's a black
spot on the sun today a place to hide
for the runaways the smell of desert
rain on city asphalt sonoran tied the
weatherman live soon the place will be
free of